Add Execution and Value Store bitesize docs and examples [BW-435] (#6054)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/developers/bitesize/workflowExecution/executionAndValueStoreExamples.md

|---|---|---|
|1|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|
|2|`QueuedInCromwell`|`NotStarted`|
|3|`Starting`|`NotStarted`|
|4|`Running`|`NotStarted`|
|5|`Done`|`NotStarted`|
|6|`Done`|`Running`|
|7|`Done`|`Done`|

In step 1, the workflow has just started and the ExecutionStore is created in its initial
state. The Value Store doesn't track statuses and so begins empty: `{ }`.

In steps 2-4, the Execution Store tracks the `single_task` job as the engine is executing it.

As the Execution Store is updated to indicate task completion is step 5, the Value Store is also updated to
include the output value of the task:
```json
{
  "single_task.string_out": "hello"
}
```

By step 6, Cromwell can use the fact that the task is complete to decide that the output node is ready to be
evaluated. And the input to the output expression is available for lookup in the Value Store.

In step 7, all workflow nodes have run and the workflow is complete. The Value Store is updated once again to
additionally contain the output node value:
```json
{
  "single_task.string_out": "hello",
  "string_out": "hello"
}
``` 

Cromwell can use this information to trigger the "workflow complete" logic.

## Handling scatters

> When we run scattered tasks, the Execution Store cannot tell ahead of time how many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Cromwell runs scattered tasks, the Execution Store cannot tell ahead of time how many
```
[ToL] I think a detached/impersonal voice works better for docs (here and elsewhere)

Author: Kate would be proud! I'll do my best to reword these

As the two jobs are run, the Execution Store map updates to track their statuses:

| | `x` | `ScatterNode` | `scattered_task:0` | `scattered_task:1` | `scattered_task` | `scattered_task.string_out` | `results_count` |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|4|`Done`|`Done`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|5|`Done`|`Done`|`QueuedInCromwell`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|6|`Done`|`Done`|`QueuedInCromwell`|`QueuedInCromwell`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|7|`Done`|`Done`|`Starting`|`QueuedInCromwell`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|8|`Done`|`Done`|`Starting`|`Starting`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|9|`Done`|`Done`|`Running`|`Starting`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|10|`Done`|`Done`|`Running`|`Running`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|11|`Done`|`Done`|`Running`|`Done`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`
|12|`Done`|`Done`|`Done`|`Done`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`|`NotStarted`

As the results for each shard come in, the value store is also updated to include them:

At step 11 (shard 1 has finished but shard 0 has not):
```json
{

>   "x": "[0, 1, 2]",

Reviewer 2: The value of `x` here and everywhere below should be `[0, 1]`

Author: Thanks! I made the workflow simpler to produce less rows in the tables, but forgot to update this part 🤦‍♂️
